Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Yo.
Shawn.
I'm sorry. I thought you would've
been in here packing already.
Yeah. I know.
Just give me five more minutes?
Yeah.
You seem kind of tense. lovely.
Put on some music. Change the mood.
What are you about to put on on?
I'm about to play my jam.
I'm gonna play my summertime jam.
See what you know about this one.
Wow.
Uh huh.
- Stop.
- Yeah. yeah.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
Yeah.
Uh huh. that's mine.
You know what happened
at the end of the night.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
♪ Row. row. row your boat ♪
How'd you do that?
I didn't.
How could I? I'm standing
right next to you.
- What is this song?
- Turn it off. Shawn.
I'm trying to turn it.
I'm trying to change the fucking channel.
Turn it off.
It won't turn off.
♪ Gently down the stream ♪
Why is it still playing?
♪ Merrily. merrily. merrily. merrily ♪
♪ Life is but ♪
♪ Gently down the stream ♪
♪ Merrily. merrily. merrily. merrily ♪
♪ Life is but a dream ♪
What's good LA?
Shout out to all the beautiful
Black and brown people
who showed up and supported
Thursday night's fundraiser
for those who lost unarmed family members
at the hands of police brutality.
It's amazing to see Black. Mexican
and Latino communities coming together
in solidarity on this.
I can't agree more. Jazz.
This level of diversity is
something that's long overdue.
♪ I'm insane ♪
♪ Not insane ♪
♪ You couldn't understand
the thoughts inside my head ♪
♪ I am dead ♪
♪ I'm not dead ♪
♪ She's always telling me that ♪
♪ I'm not done. I know.
you know. we know ♪
Your situation's
totally different.
Why is that a big deal?
Rob lets you go out of town
all the time for those girl's trips.
Come on. girl.
Rob and I been together for two years.
but Shawn is like. he been with you
since you left that place.
What does that have to do with anything?
Make a U-turn.
Ugh.
Hey. my GPS is frozen and I
have no idea where I'm going.
so let me call you back.
Okay. bye then.
You know I love you.
Love you. too.
Make a U-turn.
Okay.
What?
♪ I heard you fucked with Bora ♪
♪ You fucked with Bora
and you made it through ♪
♪ Nah. nah ♪
♪ We gonna take a look at you ♪
♪ We heard you fucked with Bora ♪
♪ You fucked with Bora
and you still alive ♪
♪ Nah. nah ♪
♪ She gonna make you hurt tonight ♪
♪ Physically. mentally.
spiritually. emotionally ♪
♪ Sexually. financially. you
just can't get rid of me ♪
♪ Special tree. saved his
only son with that specialty ♪
♪ Eternity. heavenly ♪
♪ Firing up a Christmas tree ♪
♪ Happy feet dancin' in
hell with that crazy beat ♪
What?
Oh my god.
What did I just hit?
What the fuck?
Oh my God.
You're not watching where you're going?
I'm so sorry.
Are you okay?
I don't know. do I look okay to you?
I mean...
I'm sorry. I'm not great at this.
Great at what?
Apologizing to pedestrians
for hitting them with your Beamer?
You do this all the time?
I'm headed that way.
Looks like you're walking that way. too.
At least let me give you a ride
to wherever you need to go.
Your daddy didn't teach
you not to pick up strangers?
Sometimes God calls on his soldiers
and you gotta break the rules.
Besides. I couldn't live with myself
if I left you walking on the
side of the road by yourself.
Bet.
You gonna let me in?
No?
It's a nice car.
Thanks.
Your boyfriend bought it for you?
You should probably buckle up.
Ah. seatbelts are for pussies.
♪ Trust me. I'll trust you ♪
♪ If I had one wish ♪
♪ We would run away ♪
♪ Makin' love all day ♪
So where are you from?
Where are you headed exactly?
Eh. wherever I end up is cool.
I'm kidding.
I'm just kidding.
I was born outside of Mexico
City and I made it to Monterey.
You?
Me too.
Well. I was raised in
LA but my dad is Cuban
and my mom is from Sierra Leone.
Ah. Sierra Leone.
No wonder your skin is so smooth.
Man. I'm not gonna lie.
when I saw you. I looked
at you and I was like damn.
I wanted to touch your face.
But I don't know you like that. so.
Ooh. that's my shit. ma. Turn that up.
♪ Fuckin' with a boss ♪
That's my shit.
♪ I be winnin' mega losses ♪
♪ I pay the cost to be
the motherfuckin' boss ♪
♪ Trust nobody. I came without the cross ♪
♪ Now why you mad 'cause
you be fuckin' with a boss ♪
Girl. you can't be doing that.
We're POCs.
POCs?
What the fuck?
What. you mean Black?
Y morenas?
POC is an acronym for people of color.
I know what the fuck it means.
I just don't think that people
should be checking boxes
or categories other than
one that says human.
Like why should we have to do that?
That don't sound strange to you?
Unless the box said thug life.
that's the only box I'm
trying to check. you feel me?
Seriously.
I've already seen like
three cop cars on this road.
I'm a law abiding citizen.
so I'm pretty sure we don't
have to worry about anything but-
Law abiding citizen?
We already broke so many unspoken laws
the day we were born. ma.
You don't even gotta break
the law to get a DWB.
You mean DWI?
No. I mean DWB.
Driving while Black.
Oh.
Yeah. I always hear horror
stories about that kind of thing.
What do you mean you
hear horror stories?
You ain't never been pulled over before?
You ain't never been asked
to get out of the car.
spread your legs?
You ain't never been
frisked. strip searched?
No.
I told you I'm a law abiding citizen.
And I'm not Black. I'm Cuban.
I'm just Black passing.
Okay.
You know what. I'm not
even gonna touch that shit.
I'm gonna let you do you.
Thank you for the ride. though.
I appreciate it.
Um. I usually don't
allow smoking in my car.
So...
Okay. so are you gonna pull over
or we just gonna look
at each other all day?
I mean. I'm cool either way. but...
Okay.
Is that pot or some kind of narcotic?
Pot?
Who raised you?
Yes. it's pot. as in hippopotamus.
I'm sorry. it just. it just
kind of looks crackhead-ish
the way you're smoking it
out of the pipe like that.
Please tell me you've
smoked weed before.
Oh my God.
Baby girl. baby girl.
If you don't get your
thick ass out this car
and come smoke with me.
I'm gonna fuck you up.
Stop. you're getting smoke in the car.
I'll stop under two conditions.
One. you stop being a hoe
and two. come hit this toke with me.
♪ Back in 2013 I was
just getting in things ♪
Come on.
♪ I just copped a Range Rover ♪
♪ I just copped a 650 ♪
Come on.
♪ Whipping both like a tag team ♪
♪ Driving force. yeah the whole team ♪
♪ And there's somethin' that I made sure ♪
♪ Took a nigga out the piss poor ♪
♪ Same reason they gonna switch for ♪
♪ Same nigga probably snitched before ♪
♪ Same nigga had to get from around ♪
♪ Same nigga bring a nigga down ♪
♪ Same nigga from the first day ♪
♪ Now I'm life to my last day ♪
Really?
No. no. no. no. we shouldn't be here.
Stop.
It's fuckin' open.
This is what the fuck
I'm talking about. bitch.
I don't think
we should be back here.
Ah!
Hey.
- What?
- Shh-shh.
Nobody's home.
They're on fucking vacation
in their summer home or some shit.
So you know what that means?
What?
That means we're on vacation. too.
I don't even know you.
Well come get to know me.
Come on. Come smoke with me.
Don't be a party pooper.
Hey you can't lie. This shit is amazing.
Kind of is.
Are you gonna smoke with me or what?
Whatever.
I'm gonna take that as a yes.
I have never really smoked before.
I could teach you.
Let me teach you. come on.
Okay. but can we hurry?
I don't want the police to pull up on us.
Ain't nobody gonna fuckin' lock you up
for smoking pot in fucking
Southern California.
Let me teach you.
All you gotta do is hold it like this.
Put your thumb over that and
inhale when I light the fire.
You about to be fucked up.
- Wow.
- I'm sorry.
I'm getting you wet and I
didn't even ask your name.
It's. uh. Elon.
Elon?
Like Elon Musk?
Damn bitch. you were raised
by white people. huh?
In the fuckin' hills
and everything. right?
Funny.
And what should I call you?
Stony hitchhiker?
Mm. you could call me that
or you could call me Bora.
And don't you forget that shit
because I'm only gonna
tell you one time.
Hey!
What are your Black bitches
doing swimming to my pool?
What the fuck did you just call us?
You're trespassing on private property.
You're lucky I don't call the police.
The police?
Are you serious?
Sir. we're just young girls
trying to enjoy our summer.
You were young once. right?
If I'd known it was gonna be like this.
I would've had your friend stay.
I can't believe the guy
didn't call the cops on us.
Yeah. I gave him a fake
number and he let us go.
Aye. you know what we should do?
You should let me show you
LA before we go to Monterey.
But I live here.
Yeah. but I can tell
you don't get out much.
And besides my daddy was a straight cholo.
So I can show us the
best of both worlds. ma.
Okay. I guess that can be cool.
You need anything out of here?
Maybe some waters.
Say less.
♪ I just wonder what's next ♪
♪ How is we in chains and slaves ♪
♪ And still be rockin' chains ♪
♪ Keep us down in Cartier
and diamond iced frames ♪
♪ How she got a BBL and
still require change ♪
♪ Some things that she's seen
in life will never be the same ♪
♪ 'Cause real eyes realize real lies ♪
Hey. yo.
What the hell are you doin'? Huh?
You think I can't see you or somethin'?
I'm shopping. what does
it look like I'm doing?
No. shopping is when you pay.
Now you gonna pay for them
little waters you got or. uh.
I'm gonna have to come over there
and embarrass you in front
of your little friends?
No. I'm not paying for the waters.
And I don't even know these fools.
And besides. why would I pay for water?
Water is a natural resource.
Nobody should ever have to pay for waters.
She right.
- What?
- She right.
Get with the times. fool.
Hey. hey. I'm not playing with you.
Wait-
Hey!
- Okay. okay.
- Hey. stop playin'.
Get with the times.
Ay. free water.
You see this shit?
She's right. she's right.
She right. Little short right there right.
You know what I'm sayin'?
- Grady. what the fuck. man?
- Hey.
I paid for your mixtape.
Man. now I feel disrespected.
That was two years. ago. bro.
Man. give me a blunt.
Give me a Swisher. too. man.
Man. I ain't givin'
you shit. Knock it off.
Free water.
Hey. put that beer right
there too and some blunts.
Where the hell that girl go. dog?
Hey. baby.
Where you goin' baby?
Hey. Damn.
Oh. that ain't buyin'.
it's enlightening.
Mm-mm-mm.
Matter of fact. natural resource.
We gonna do this the
easy way or the hard way?
Man. don't you even try it. bruh.
You already know what time it is. man.
You sayin' that like I give fuck.
Matter of fact. give me a bag.
Give me a bag. bro.
Damn.
Because of that. I ain't
gonna pop your ass.
but I'm walking out of
here with this water.
'Cause it's hot and we thirsty.
Yo. I'm gonna remember this shit. man.
I know where you live.
I know where your mama live.
Come find me.
My mama down with the shit. too.
Yo. nigga. that's that bullshit.
I'ma. you think I'm playin'?
I got-
Hey. your son down here
actin' a goddamn monkey.
Yeah. I'ma need that pistol back. too.
This bat ain't doin' shit.
And call the po-po.
Hey!
You better not tell her.
Thanks.
No way.
What?
What's up?
- Hey.
- What it do?
You wanna cruise with us?
Um...
No. it's okay.
Why not?
- Your car's cool. though.
- Yeah?
You said you were
gonna let me show you LA.
Yeah.
Come on.
For all we know. they
robbed the liquor store.
Say who?
They would never do something like that.
Those waters are free.
Come on.
At least let me. you know.
cruise with you. show you around.
Let me show you what's up.
Where you gotta be?
Mm-hm. where? With us.
Come on.
Let's go.
Bring those waters. too. come on.
♪ Wanna see you twerkin'
on a lowrider. lowrider ♪
♪ I pull up with my goons.
I pull up with a stick ♪
♪ I pull up to the plug.
jump off another brick ♪
♪ I pull up with a thotty
and I pull up on my bitch ♪
♪ Yeah. that's the way it is ♪
♪ I pull up with my goons.
I pull up with a stick ♪
♪ I pull up to the plug.
jump off another brick ♪
♪ I pull up with a thotty
and I pull up with my bitch ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. that's the way it is ♪
♪ Ah. all my ladies in this bitch ♪
♪ I know LA in this bitch ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. that's the way it is ♪
♪ You know hoopty in this bitch ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. that's
the way it is. uh huh ♪
♪ We low ridin' in this bitch ♪
♪ Huh. huh. that's the way it is ♪
♪ I'm just trying to see you
twerkin' on my lowrider ♪
♪ Come. bitch ♪
♪ Come here. bitch ♪
♪ Twerk it. twerk it ♪
♪ I'm just trying to see you
twerkin' on my lowrider ♪
♪ Come here hoe. come here hoe ♪
♪ I'm just trying to see you
twerkin' on my lowrider ♪
♪ Come here baby. come here baby ♪
♪ I'm just trying to see you
twerkin' on my lowrider ♪
♪ Come here stripper ♪
♪ Yeah that's the way it is ♪
♪ I pull up with my goons.
I pull up with a stick ♪
♪ I pull up to the plug.
jump off another brick ♪
♪ I pull up with a thotty
and I pull up on my bitch ♪
♪ Yeah that's the way it is ♪
♪ I pull up with my goons.
I pull up with a stick ♪
♪ I pull up to the plug.
jump off another brick ♪
♪ I pull up with a thotty
and I pull up with my bitch ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah that's the way it is ♪
♪ Ah. all my ladies in this bitch ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. that's the way it is ♪
♪ I know LA in this bitch ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah that's the way it is ♪
Man. I'm glad you made these sandwiches.
I wish you would've told me
about 'em earlier. though.
Why you so quiet. ma?
Ah. come on. This is the fuckin' life.
Look at that sunset.
It's like everything just
feels super intense right now.
It's like. like the road is
a treadmill or something.
We're going really fast but
we're not going anywhere.
That's a combination
of this strong ass kush
we just smoked and freedom.
You're free. bitch.
Free to say what you
want. do what you want.
Fuck whoever you want.
In fucking public. if you want to.
I don't know about the
fucking whoever you want part.
Ah. let me guess.
You got a boyfriend?
And I'm guessing you don't?
Why the fuck would I wanna do that?
Why the fuck would any
logical thinking woman
wanna do it?
A boyfriend?
And what the fuck does
that shit even mean anyway?
He's a boy. which means he's not a man.
which means he has no idea what the fuck
he wants to do with his life
other than control his bitch.
which in this case will be you. Elon.
And don't let him be under 40 years old.
'cause that means his credit is fucked up.
Which means that you're the only thing
he can afford to own.
And if he's just a friend.
like the name implies.
that means he can walk
outta your life at any time.
The man gets to lie. cheat. steal.
collect women like trophies.
And society always takes
him back. you know why?
Because he's a man.
So why should I gift my
beautiful. golden pussy
to just one. and for free?
Fuck that shit.
Pussy rules everything.
You know it. I know it.
They all know it. too.
Hey. I play the game.
I play nice.
But at the end of the day. you
know what I really wanna do?
Every time a motherfucker
asks me to make him dinner.
I wanna cut off his dick
and I wanna chop it up
into a thousand little pieces.
Then I wanna sprinkle it in a soup.
Then I wanna feed it to him.
just before I put on my red bottoms.
walk over to him real slow-like.
and kick him where I used to be.
And if I'm feeling merciful.
I pull out my pistol
and put him out of his misery.
Ah. come on.
I'm kidding.
Dang. girl.
It sounds like you've been through a lot.
But my man's one of the good ones.
You just gotta ask God to heal your heart
and make room for your soulmate.
There's gotta be someone
out there for you.
There are no good ones. bitch.
They're just getting better at
lying 'cause of the internet.
The information is
traveling faster. that's it.
But even if that's the case.
joking about chopping
someone's dick off is a lot.
Why not just leave?
If we just leave. how they
gonna learn their lesson?
They don't give us respect.
we gotta take that shit.
Good ones?
You're funny. bitch.
I hope you
don't wait until the last minute
to get your costume. 'cause LA is about
to be lit this Halloween weekend.
I'm kind of glad we're stopping
'cause I really need to sober up
before we get back on the road.
Do you believe in God. Elon?
Of course. why?
Then pray and ask him to get us
into this motherfuckin' party. bitch.
Bora.
What's up. family?
- What's good. my guy?
- Big respect.
Knock out artist.
Appreciate it. appreciate it.
I got me and my wife.
Y'all good.
All right. Oh yeah. by the way.
Who you got? Spence or Pacquiao?
Spence. all day. homie.
Oh. yeah. yeah. yeah.
All day. homie.
- You gotta-
- Listen.
I'm so sorry.
You got ass. I got titties.
We should have no problem
getting into this place.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Where the fuck y'all think y'all goin'?
Ah. come on. bro.
Damn. how much?
Who you guys know up in here. huh?
Mount Rushmore.
Mount Rushmore?
That ain't enough for Mount Rushmore.
But it's the start though. I'll take it.
I just have to use the bathroom.
Y'all got shit fucked up.
This look like a
motherfuckin' gas station?
Hey. check it out. It goes like this.
If you guys don't know anybody up in here.
you could just take your little asses.
turn the hell around and
go right back to your car
where you came from. you understand?
Straight up.
What about these guys?
- What's good. homie?
- You know these girls?
- Sure.
- All right.
You sure? They with you?
All right. let 'em slide in.
All right. go.
Enjoy.
We wasn't trying to play nothing. y'all.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. Go
ahead and talk up in there.
All right.
- Baby. baby.
- Oh. you gonna pull that one?
All right.
Yeah. this is how I keep it peaceful. bro.
You know what I mean?
Keep it peaceful. G.
Hold up. dog.
You can't come in.
No. hold up. hold up.
You can't come in. dog.
What's up. you got some money or what?
I think I'm on the list. motherfucker.
10 bucks?
What the hell we gonna
do with 10 bucks. man?
Yeah man. come on. man.
That's a Starbucks gift card. man.
Nah. nah. nah.
Just turn your little ass
around and go right back.
Man. ain't nobody wanna be
in you dumb party anyways.
You sensitive ass little motherfucker.
♪ Little mama this a bop. huh ♪
♪ Time to get activated ♪
♪ Hot in the spot now ♪
♪ And I'm trying to get acclimated ♪
♪ Miss lady kind of faded ♪
♪ Tried to tear up my
lap in back Mercedes ♪
♪ I'll beat out the back.
I'll blow out your back ♪
♪ Keep throwin' it back
if you can take it ♪
♪ Wait. wait. too much. huh ♪
♪ All that rump. toot it up ♪
♪ Bump. bump. bump ♪
♪ Me-2k and make sure I get me some ♪
♪ Cry baby when she suck her thumb ♪
♪ 25-8. I can make her come ♪
♪ Dick for days and pump for months ♪
♪ She gonna moan when I smack her butt ♪
♪ Too much huh. too much huh ♪
♪ Too much bass in the trunk ♪
♪ She got way too much junk ♪
♪ I five-k in ones ♪
♪ I know girls just wanna have fun ♪
Hey. hey. So what's up?
Y'all two lost or somethin'?
You're both real pretty
so I'm not complaining.
but I never seen you here before.
No. we not lost.
We were looking for a party
and you're having one. so.
All right. bet.
Look. let me show you
where everything's at.
All right. over here. to the left.
we got the stone blow.
To the right. we got
the greens or the trees.
Right over here? The ladies room.
And what the rain weather. man?
What?
The drinks. bro.
- Wow.
- The drinks.
The drinks. we're trying to get fucked up.
Wow.
The drinks. rain. That's classy. homie.
That's classy.
Hey don't be using it
without my permission.
I don't know if you got the memo.
but it's supposed to be tree or liquor.
but we can be gentlemen
and we can help you out.
Big facts.
Hey yo. hey yo Britney. Britney.
Come here.
Hey Britney. I need you to do me a favor.
These my new friends and I need you
to them in cups. for real.
Aye. this is E-Money. get her fucked up.
Have fun.
Stay lit. bitch. Live your life.
Okay.
♪ All night long. aye aye aye ♪
♪ You got sexy on your lips ♪
♪ You get sexy in your eyes ♪
♪ You got sexy on your hips ♪
♪ You got sexy on your thighs ♪
♪ You got those lips. those eyes ♪
♪ Those hips. those thighs ♪
♪ Those lips. those eyes ♪
♪ Those hips. you got me hypnotized ♪
♪ Sexy ♪
I know exactly what you want. papi.
You know. sometimes. we
get exactly what we want.
And other times...
We get what we deserve.
Let me show you a good time.
♪ Bitches run away because
I keep these niggas tricky ♪
Have you guys seen my friend?
♪ 'Cause we in the purse ♪
♪ So I'm with it if you trippin' ♪
Hey. have you seen my friend?
Bora.
Bora!
♪ Swangin' on fours and
my floors still tippin' ♪
Did you see where my friend went?
She as beautiful as you?
Um. she probably went to the bathroom.
Where is it again?
There.
That way.
It's that way.
♪ Body look amazing ♪
♪ Got 'em star gazin' ♪
What are you doing in here?
I was looking all over for you.
Dammit. Bora.
You scared the shit out of me.
My bad.
How...
How did you get in here?
I thought I locked it.
Eh. we think a lot of
things when we're high.
What are you thinking of now?
♪ I wanna rock with you all night baby ♪
♪ Teasin' you on all
night. drive you crazy ♪
♪ The hopeful stops when
I'm inside you faded ♪
♪ I wanna rock ♪
♪ I wanna rock with you ♪
I'm thinking you
should give me the keys.
You're too high to drive. mi corazon.
I'll meet you outside.
♪ I wanna rock ♪
♪ I wanna rock with you ♪
♪ Told you I'm a street thug ♪
♪ Bodies get sweeped up ♪
♪ Yeah them hoes get cleaned up ♪
♪ Cold heart with a mean mug ♪
We went
to the Day of the Dead
rave last night and the
costumes and masks were lit.
Almost
as lit as those tacos.
so you know we gotta set it off right.
What's the speed limit out here?
I don't really believe in limits.
What do you mean you
don't believe in limits?
They clearly exist.
Mm. I think existence is subjective. no?
Explain.
You know that saying if
a tree falls in the forest
and nobody's there to hear it fall.
does it really make a sound?
Yeah. but I'm not really
seeing the connection
between that and you speeding in my car.
Well. if I'm speeding and
there's nobody here to see it.
then am I really speeding?
See. I told you you were speeding.
If we get a ticket. you're paying for it.
Hey. relax.
You're a law abiding citizen. remember?
Pull over.
License and registration.
Why are you asking for her license
when I'm the one driving?
I'm the one asking the
fucking questions. understand?
Even if they don't make sense?
You got any drugs. weapons.
animals in the vehicle?
Animals? What the fuck. bro?
Like why are you asking
her those questions?
I'm the one driving.
Look. we've had reports
a theft in the area
and you look like the suspect.
License and registration. now.
Put your hands-
Whoa!
Where I can see 'em!
Put your hands on the dash right now!
Look. okay. so you
asked for her license.
then she went for her license
and now you're freaking out.
so what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna grab her license
and I'm gonna hand it to you. okay?
All right. I want you
to take your two fingers
and give me her license right now.
Give it to me between the
two fingers. right here.
Hand it right here.
Right fuckin' here.
And you don't fucking move one inch.
You good. ma?
No. I'm not good.
I told you you were speeding
and you thought I was joking.
That guy was gonna pull us
over no matter what we did.
I was only going five
miles over the speed limit.
Look. I'm sorry I almost got us killed.
Us?
No. you almost got me killed.
What's taking him so long with my license?
I fuckin' hate that shit.
I tell you what I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna go talk to him. okay?
What? Are you crazy?
He'll shoot you.
Just. just please don't go. Bora.
I'm scared.
You know what I do when I'm
feeling scared or anxiety?
I listen to relaxing music.
Here. this is my
meditation playlist. okay?
Put it on. take a deep
breath and just try to relax.
Okay?
It's gonna be fine.
I promise.
I'll be back. okay?
Don't worry.
Come here.
Over here.
♪ America ♪
♪ Of the ♪
♪ Land we ♪
That was quick.
What'd he say?
Well he said that situations like this
give him a headache and he let us go.
Really?
Mm-hm.
He didn't give us a ticket
or a warning or anything?
No.
All good.
Dang. girl.
You gotta tell me what you said
to get us out of that one.
Well I told him you're not Black.
you're just Black passing.
Funny.
Ah.
Hey you mind if we make a stop real quick?
♪ Marry. kill ♪
♪ Bitch I need my cash. my cash ♪
♪ Not just half. I mean all my shit ♪
♪ Don't be sad. don't be sad ♪
♪ Started off good. now
we callin' it quits ♪
♪ Why you mad. why you mad ♪
♪ Don't blame me. you started this shit ♪
♪ Too bad. it's too bad ♪
♪ Now a nigga gotta go hard on a bitch ♪
So it's been
taking you this long why?
I told you.
Shit gets slow this time of the year.
So what are we dealing? Christmas cards?
See. I told you all that seasonal shit
wasn't gonna work.
Come on. Chino.
It's me. baby.
I ain't never been a day
late or a dollar shot.
So why you asking me for more time?
See nigga. you fucked up.
That ego shit will get
you killed every time.
I need four days.
What's that. like 69 hours?
Actually. big homie. I was
crunching the numbers. right?
And it's about 76 hours. 76.
Nah. nah. nah. look.
Hey Siri. how many hours is in four days?
Four days is 96 hours.
See. I told you. dumbass.
Man. shut the fuck up.
You know much money I make in four days?
You know how much money I make in a day?
In an hour? Hm?
How much?
More than your fuckin' life.
Listen. by looking at
him. looking at this place.
it's about $100.000 a day.
Aye. let me smoke this nigga.
Get me your motherfuckin' gun.
Give me your gun.
Hold the gun.
Give me the fuckin' gun. Give me the gun.
Two days. Two days. Chino.
Nah.
You gonna get that bread
to me by 12 noon tomorrow.
Hey Vinny.
I like that white couch your
wife got for the living room.
It'd be a real shame to get blood on it.
Gonna be long?
Maybe.
Maybe not.
Why. are you gonna miss me when I'm gone?
Hey wait.
Don't leave me by myself.
I'm not gonna leave you.
unless you wanna be left.
Ah.
What's even in there?
Prostitutes and drugs.
You're joking. right?
What's up. fucker?
Bora.
Fuck you doing in my
hood this time of night?
Oh. you know
pussy don't sleep. nigga.
See. that's why I like her.
The realest bitch I know.
Yeah. all right.
watch your mouth. though. all right?
Um. excuse me?
Sorry to interrupt. but
can I use your restroom?
What the fuck?
The fuck you think
this is? A gas station.
It's just a restroom.
Yeah.
- Thank you.
- Bitch. go.
I'll be a minute.
We heard you the first time.
So what's on the menu tonight?
Anything you like. baby.
I didn't come here for you. Chino.
But you got what I like. though.
♪ Real recognize real.
never fuck with fakes ♪
♪ Be on the lookout for them
boys. stay away from J ♪
♪ Keep your side all business.
you can test the fates ♪
Wrapped long and thick.
just like you like it.
Yeah. that's right. Chino.
Ain't nothin' but long and
thick up in here tonight.
Well it looks like the stroke game
is a little weak tonight.
What you mean weak? It ain't never weak.
Hey. don't come up here
talking shit. you hear?
Hey. hey. it's Bora. La familia.
I don't give a fuck who it is.
She ain't gonna be coming up here
talking about our stroke game weak.
We can't risk that shit
getting out in these streets.
Weak.
Light.
Whatever the fuck it is.
when I come to you Chino.
you know I usually get
double for that amount.
Well. you ever heard of inflation?
Inflation?
I tell you what we're gonna do. hm?
We're gonna take less. and so are you.
Familia.
How about you take double
and then you leave that
chocolate ass here for me.
Don't lust after
things you can't afford.
Yeah. whatever. bitch.
Suck this.
Better be careful.
man. Bora's a bad bitch.
Okay.
Calm down. Elon. Calm down.
Just breathe. just breathe.
It's just drugs out there.
There's drugs out there.
What did Bora get me into?
You have to calm down.
It's just drugs out there.
Everything's gonna be okay.
Okay.
It's just drugs.
I like your dress.
Thank you.
Yeah. yeah you're welcome.
You look good in it. you know.
Even with those black stockings.
I can tell you fine. girl.
Just 'cause you're fine don't mean you get
to go through people's shit.
Um. I was just getting some water.
Can I. is. is that okay?
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
You're thirsty. right?
Yeah.
I'm thirsty. too.
But unfortunately nothing in life is free.
Not even water.
You know it's-
But. but. but I'm feeling generous
and since I like chocolate.
I'm gonna give you a
little discount. you hear?
Stop.
No. stop.
Hey. love. What was your homeboy's name?
Hmm? The one who grabbed
my girl's cho-cha?
That's Christos.
Christos. like Jesus Cristo?
No. because Christos
grabs and grabs and grabs.
Does Christos have a mother?
I don't know what the bastard gots.
You gonna tell on him?
No. but you can tell her
I said I'm sorry for her fucking loss.
Oh.
So this what we doin'?
What's good. vato?
If I gotta die. that means
everybody gotta fuckin' die.
Okay.
You ain't gonna shoot me.
You ain't stupid.
But I guess Christos deserved that.
Got something for you.
That should make it right.
Hey ma. you ever seen
a dead body before. hm?
Go look in the fuckin' kitchen.
Hey. fuck you. Bora.
All this over some blow?
Hm?
Big Tio ain't gonna like this shit.
You gonna have every ese
in LA gunning for your ass.
This ain't about blow.
This is about respect.
So let them come. fucker.
Whoa.
That was dramatic.
Okay. I gotta tell you
who you remind me of
with this mask on.
So there's a bitch down on Crenshaw-
Matter of fact. I
saw her just the other day.
You did?
Okay. what did she say?
Because she told me that I
should go to her shop but.
I don't have money.
She told me to
tell you that she heard
there was a secret stash of secret cash
somewhere in this house
and that you can have
all the blow in this place if
you just tell me where it is.
All right.
Okay. so el dinero is upstairs
in the apartment underneath the big bed.
Not the adult one. the kids.
♪ I stepped in the club and immediately ♪
♪ What did I see ♪
♪ Bad bitches everywhere ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ DJ said to the floor.
if they wanted more ♪
♪ Blink my eyes and immediately ♪
♪ There was bad bitches everywhere ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Everywhere ♪
♪ Deep in your dreams.
she knows where you are ♪
♪ Deep in your dreams. you won't get far ♪
♪ Deep in your dreams.
she knows where you are ♪
I don't have my keys.
Fuck.
Why the fuck did you do that?
God. please tell me I'm dreaming.
♪ Merrily. merrily. merrily. merrily ♪
♪ Life is bit a dream ♪
What the fuck?
You're a fucking psycho.
I should have never picked you up.
You know what?
I didn't know that little girls
that wear leggings under
sundresses use so much profanity.
What is wrong with you?
We could have just bounced and what?
Now you're trying to flee
the murder scene in my car?
It's not like they're
gonna come after us.
They're dead. okay?
They're dead.
You know what?
You can have the car and everything in it.
I'll. I'll just walk.
I'll walk and I'll report
the car stolen in a few days
and you can have it all.
I don't. I don't want it.
Now why would you wanna
do a thing like that?
Why would anybody wanna do
a thing like that. Elon?
Someone is gonna come after us
and I don't wanna die or go to jail
for something that you
have us mixed up in.
This has nothing to do with me.
This got nothing to do with you?
That fool and his homie
were gonna fuckin' rape you.
They were gonna put a pistol to your head
and they were gonna record it
and it was gonna be
#CoCoPussy all over Instagram.
I fuckin' saved your life
and your reputation. huh?
I did what had to be done.
Besides. look around you Elon.
You see anybody following us?
You see any five-ohs?
Because I saw a couple
but they kept driving.
You know why?
Because all I see is open
roads and opportunities.
Open roads and clear skies.
Get in the car.
No.
- Get in the car.
- No.
You can have it.
I'm not doing this.
Ah. come on.
You're gonna make me spend
this money by myself?
Are you trying to fuck
with my emotions right now?
Did you ever walk 85
miles before. Elon? Hm?
Because that's how long
it's gonna take you
to get to the next town.
I noticed you were walking that way
and I'm driving that way. so...
And that's where you're
supposed to be like.
"Oh. I don't think my daddy
wants me talking to strangers."
And then I was like. "Oh. but
you're a soldier of the Lord."
Ah come on. lighten up a little.
Remember when we met and we
were talking about. like.
where we come from and then you were-
Shut up. Bora.
I swear. I'm out at the next town.
Okay.
♪ When I pull up. rock chinchilla ♪
♪ Ain't another bitch
alive that's realer ♪
♪ Feelin' in my zone. let it heat up ♪
♪ Really thought that you
could ride. girl get up ♪
♪ Girl you thought that
you could hang with me ♪
♪ Sing with me. laughin' at the top ♪
How much farther do we have?
About 45 miles.
Why. are you hungry?
Ah. come on. you can't
still be tripping off
that shit that happened earlier.
That was like three hours ago.
Friends fight.
Let it go.
Come on.
Fight?
I just watched two people get murdered
and a third was snorting up enough cocaine
to fill up the Lincoln Tunnel.
And friends?
Friends don't go on killing
sprees together. so no.
I'm not quite over it yet.
So you really have never
seen a dead buddy before. huh?
Who do you think I am?
What. you think Black
people just chill out.
posted up with dead bodies
on weekends or something?
Look. you know what you need?
You need to relax. you need to be present.
you need to be in the moment.
You ever try meditation?
Never. huh?
You know what I think we should do?
We should play a little game
called Never Have I Ever.
I mean usually we play with tequila. but.
this isn't my car so we
can play with our fingers.
What the fuck are you talking about?
You never heard of Never Have Ever?
So basically I say never have I ever
and then if you've done
whatever the thing is.
then you put one finger down
and then in the next round.
the other person says never have I ever
and the first person to
drop all five fingers loses
and the other person wins.
We used to play it in juvie
to get to know each other better.
Come on.
Fine.
I'll play.
But you can ask all the questions
'cause this is your dumbass idea.
Okay. ready?
Never have I ever killed a woman.
Bora. I just saw you murder two people!
Okay. you know what?
Never have I ever eaten pussy
with the girl's boyfriend
holding a pistol to my head.
Bora. I swear. if you
put a goddamn finger.
I'm walking the rest of the way.
Never have I ever...
Fucked a fine ass stranger
in a black Mercedes C300.
Hey. we should pull up
on these fools for real.
- Bora. no.
- They're so cute.
Can you. we're not
playing this game anymore.
Oh. come on.
You need to live a little.
No. we need to go.
- He's looking at us.
- I don't care.
There's one for you. too.
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Girl what's up ♪
♪ Tell me what it do. yeah ♪
♪ I'm off the 'Tron and
yeah I'm off the Goose ♪
♪ I'm curious ♪
♪ Tell me what you up to. yeah ♪
It's okay to look.
baby. We're looking. too.
Where's y'all goin'
look like a fresh batch
of shea butter and shit.
Hey. I'd really like to talk.
but my homegirl has to be somewhere.
Always got somewhere to be.
You got somewhere to be?
Yes. we do.
We got somewhere to be?
We don't got nowhere to be.
All right. cool. because guess what?
We on our way to go get us some herb
so the only place y'all need to be
is smokin' some kush with us.
So what y'all say?
Okay. well then we're following you.
Don't go too fast. we're just ladies.
Ah. we'll be nice and gentle.
Yo. hey. follow us. all right?
We're gonna take the scenic route.
- No.
- They're cute.
- We're going.
We're going. he's cute.
♪ Girl you know it's 10 past five ♪
♪ Just leave the key so
I can let myself inside ♪
♪ 'Cause I ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm about to pull up ♪
♪ Pull up ♪
♪ I'm about to pull up ♪
♪ Yeah I'm about to pull up ♪
♪ Pull up ♪
♪ I'm about to pull up ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm about to pull up ♪
♪ Pull up ♪
♪ I'm about to pull up ♪
♪ Yeah I'm about to pull up ♪
♪ Pull up ♪
Hey.
♪ I'm about to smoke in the fire ♪
♪ Out of my zone. to a place never known ♪
♪ Something just like a mirage ♪
- Yo. what's up. fam?
- Good to see you. fam.
How you feeling?
I'm all right. I'm all right.
What you need. my guy?
- Man. you know what I need.
- How can I help you?
You know what I need.
- You know I got you covered.
- Okay. okay.
As long as you drop that shit off
that we talked about.
I'm Bora.
Chad.
You like wine?
I love wine. especially if it's white.
Funny.
Is this your car?
Yeah. You wanna check it out?
- I do.
- Let's it go.
Mmm.
Is it new?
- Just got it.
- Buying or leasing?
Paid cash.
I don't got no herbs for you right now.
but I do got that fire ganja juice.
- Oh.
- What you think about that?
1000 milligrams.
Goddamn. yo. I've been
looking for shit like this. man.
That's a treat right there.
Man. you always lookin' out.
Don't eat it all at once. my guy.
I got you. of course.
You already know. you already know.
Man I'm gonna go fuck
with this shorty over here.
- Go ahead.
- All right. fam.
- Do your thing. my guy.
- We livin'. man.
- Godspeed.
- You guys be safe.
Well cheers.
Salud.
So you like to salsa?
Are you into dancing?
- Uh. I can try.
- You can try?
Mm-hm.
By the looks of your
car. I think you can salsa.
So we're gonna take this hand
and we're actually gonna put it like this
and then we're gonna go check cha cha cha
and then cha cha cha.
There you go.
Mm-hm.
Yo. yo. yo. What's up with it. mami?
How you doin'?
Don't. don't lean on the car.
- Oh. okay.
- You're gonna scratch it.
Okay. okay. okay. My bad. queen.
What's up with you? You got
a man back home or somethin'?
Look. you're cute and everything. but-
Ah. but what?
Yo. you need to relax.
Yo. see. that's exactly why you met me
'cause I just got some ganja juice gummies
from the homie over there.
You wanna try some with me?
I don't really do gummies like that.
Oh. you don't do gummies?
You don't smoke nothin'?
No.
Ah. bullshit.
You hang around with a girl like that.
there ain't nothing that y'all don't do.
Don't give me that.
Don't compare me to her.
You know what they say.
Two birds of a feather flock together.
Besides. if it were me.
I personally wouldn't
wanna be hanging around
with someone that I didn't
wanna be compared to. so.
Anyway. I'm BJ.
I'm E.
E?
Like ecstasy?
Why would that be the first
thing that comes to mind?
I don't do drugs.
Okay. okay. okay.
No pressure.
What's wrong with you?
You won't get it.
Try me. I happen to be
a good reader of people.
What do you read about me?
Uh...
Okay. full disclosure. I
had a late night last night.
so my radar might be a little off.
but if I had to take a guess.
I'd say that whatever's chasing you.
ain't gonna stop chasing you
until you turn around
and face it. you dig?
I'm sorry.
I can't.
Okay. no worries.
No pressure.
Ecstasy.
It's BJ. right?
Yeah.
I think you should check on your friend.
Nah. Look like your homegirl
taking real good care of him.
Are you fucking kidding me?
No I'm not fucking with you.
Go get your fucking dollars.
I need you to run.
Give me my fucking money.
Run? Yo. what the fuck
wrong with your girl?
Oh what. let me guess. you
thought I lied to you. huh?
You are so fucking disrespectful.
Oh. I'm disrespectful?
I need you to run.
Yo. okay. whatever they got is whatever.
but I ain't the type of
nigga to run from shit.
you know what I'm saying?
Like. I know you used
to them other Rudy-poo
ass niggas in the past.
but I'm actually trying
to get to know you.
You got to the count of
three to give me my money.
I ain't giving you shit.
Uno...
I think you more than just cute.
I need you to run.
Dos...
Tres.
What the fuck? Are you serious?
Yo. what the fuck. man?
- Calm down. come on.
- Hey. hey. girl.
Yo. chill out. Ain't no need for all that.
You got this nice car.
you got these nice ass shoes on.
Give me my fucking money.
Oh my god. let's calm down.
Oh. let's calm down?
- Yeah. let's calm down.
- You like that?
- Come on.
- You like it when
it's in your face like that?
Aye. aye. fuckin' chill. yo.
Yo. get the. get the fuckin'
gun out my homeboy's face.
- Give me my fucking money.
- Take it easy.
Uno...
Dos...
Oh. shit.
- Tres.
- Wait.
Oh. oh. fu...
Run!
Aye. you're leaving the party already?
I thought it was going
well. What did you do?
Get in the car.
Unless you wanna take the
Benz. we can take the Benz.
Get in the car.
♪ I know you want ♪
♪ You need ♪
♪ And crave me ♪
♪ I will devour ♪
♪ And eat your tortured soul ♪
♪ As the darkness falls ♪
Officials
are investigating
the series of killing
now that several people
were murdered in LA yesterday.
Now
they're saying the suspect
is a Black woman. which
I refuse to accept.
Why. Bora?
They were being nice to us.
They did nothing wrong.
Why would you do that?
They were safe. Bora.
They were safe.
Look.
I understand your pussy getting
wet off that dread head.
I really do. He was fine as fuck. okay?
But that white boy. he disrespected me.
What?
He disrespected you?
Mm-hm.
You were on top of him fucking him
in the backseat of the
car after knowing him
for like 20 minutes.
And...
You would've killed both them
if. if BJ didn't get away.
First of all. that was
not sex. it was work.
Secondly. you should know me
well enough by now to know. E.
that I would never shoot
a Black man in the back.
What?
You cut a black man's throat
less than 24 hours ago.
Yes.
To protect you. a Black woman.
And do I even get so much as a.
"Oh. Bora. thank you for saving my life."
or "O-M-G. Bora. thank
you for making a clean cut
in that fucker's throat as not
to get blood on my leggings."
No.
But you don't hear me complaining.
You know what? I'm sorry. E. okay?
I don't wanna fight with you.
Besides. it's your turn.
Come on.
My turn to do what?
Never have I ever.
Fine. I'll go.
Never have I ever fucked a
white guy in a black Mercedes
who gave me $200 when this fucking pussy
never goes for less than a G
and so I had to merc him in
front of his fine ass friend.
Looks like you win. E. See?
Karma.
Good morning. Buttercup.
Please don't kill me.
You can take anything you
want. just please don't-
You scare so easily. sheesh.
Bora.
Get off of me.
Ah. come on.
Where are we?
I just wanted to make
sure you were alive.
like gave you some water.
All we had left was tequila.
You didn't respond to that.
You hit your head pretty hard
when you grabbed the steering wheel
and we hit that bump.
How you feeling?
Where are we and why do you keep wearing
that goddamn mask?
Because it's Day of the
Dead. Dia de Los Muertos.
When all the spirits come out to play.
so I figured I should
come out and play. too.
Hey. speaking of which.
you're gonna need some sort of disguise.
Yeah. because they'll
never notice two POCs
wearing the faces of dead
in the ever so white desert.
Oh look. I got one for you. okay?
You know what?
This is the one that I use to
get out of speeding tickets.
If it work for me. it can work for you.
Especially since you don't have a record.
Well. at least not yet you don't.
but you get the point.
Where are we?
Where are you going?
Bora.
My car.
Somebody will drive by. eventually.
Hey. this view is amazing.
though. You can see for miles.
I already tried that.
You can be a little help right now.
You know what you should do?
Just take a moment and. like.
look around you at the sights.
Like look at this. You can see for miles.
It's amazing.
Can you help me figure this shit out?
Um. I don't really know
much about cars. love.
Hey. but I got a homeboy who's a mechanic.
You want me to call him?
No. I don't wanna meet
anyone else on this trip.
Oh no. you met him already. remember?
His name was Chino.
Oh. fuck. Did we kill Chino?
Damn.
We did. didn't we?
Yeah. I guess now wouldn't be a good time
to ask him for a favor.
Hey. you got AAA?
This is not the fucking time. Bora.
If now is not a good
time to call a mechanic.
I don't know when is.
Is that my phone?
Yeah. it is.
You want me to answer it?
No. give me my phone. Bora.
What are you gonna do if I don't?
Give me my phone. Bora.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait. wait.
Can I tell you something?
No. Let me tell you something.
I left LA as a normal person
with a college degree and big dreams.
I had a good man with a
good heart and great friends
and no fucking problem
until you showed up.
Just because you come
from a shitty upbringing
with shitty parents
and no fucking friends.
you think you can come
into my life and ruin it?
Yeah. that might be a little naive
and you might be about that life.
but my life is worth living.
And I'm not gonna let you ruin that.
Do you understand?
I will never be like you.
Are you done?
You know you're really
sexy when you angry.
You know that?
I'm glad you find all of this amusing.
All you do is smoke pounds of weed.
screw and. and kill people.
And now you've run my car off
the road and almost kill us.
You're so fucking dramatic.
First of all. I told you.
never have I ever killed a woman. okay?
Never. So why would I
start with a Black woman?
What do I look like to you? Fuckin' LAPD?
Hey. speaking of LAPD. how did
it feel when that cop died?
Because I thought it felt pretty good.
What?
No.
No. you told me he let us go.
Of course he let us go.
He was dead.
You killed a fucking cop?
I had to kill him.
If I didn't kill him.
he was gonna kill you
or some other fucking Black person
in another day or another week.
What did you want me to do?
No.
Give me my fucking phone.
I wouldn't
read that if I were you.
Well. you're not me. so.
"USC grad student kills boyfriend
and goes on murder spree?"
Why would she send me this?
No.
Why do you think?
No. Bora.
If I gotta die. that means
everybody gotta die. too.
You're not real. are you?
I'm as real as you allow me to be.
Don't overthink it.
Thoughts become things. remember?
I'm the best friend you ever had.
Come on.
Hey. remember when we
were at Chino's house
and you lured Christos into the kitchen
so you could see a dead body?
Hey. when I saw you hike your
skirt all up on your booty
so you could accidentally
get his attention.
bitch. I was low key proud.
I thought. "Damn. that's my bitch."
And you know what my favorite part
of this whole experience was?
When you distracted that dread head
so his friend could trick off on me.
That money paid for our dinner.
You even told him to run
so he didn't have to watch his
homie die when we shot him.
Hey. if that's not a good
friend. I don't know what is. ma.
Ah. you're so dramatic. Elon.
Remember that LAPD?
Mm.
I'm as real as you want me to be.
Bora!
♪ I'ma blow out your brains ♪
♪ That crazy boy. like I'm insane ♪
♪ Look me deep in my eyes ♪
♪ As you choke. I'll watch you die ♪
♪ Watch your body hit the floor ♪
Now
J. you and I both know.
that Black women don't do stuff like this.
What do you think the motive was?
I don't know.
but they have multiple witnesses
who gave descriptions of
this chick with an afro.
The crazy thing is she was
wearing a Day of the Dead mask.
so nobody knows exactly
what she looks like.
Nobody
can confirm her identity.
so I don't believe it
and I won't believe it
until we have 100%
confirmation that she is Black.
It just don't make sense
to me. but it is Halloween.
so anything's possible.
♪ Watch your body hit the floor ♪
♪ Watch your body hit the ♪
♪ Row. row. row your boat ♪
♪ Gently down the stream ♪
♪ Merrily. merrily. merrily. merrily ♪
♪ Life is but a dream ♪
♪ Row. row. row your boat ♪
♪ Gently down the stream ♪
♪ Merrily. merrily. merrily. merrily ♪
♪ Life is but a dream ♪